Really great doctor, you are so close to the sun and I'm talking to my face,
I concluded that Shi Huangzi was seriously poisonous.
It’s really intentional, isn’t it!
You, my parents and my mother-in-law are looking for life
Queen, what is your destiny? What is your destiny?
It was the queen who trusted me
I just fought back
Arrival has become my story
The queen is gone
She is the queen of the little trap team who is very clear and familiar.
The trapped team wakes up again
But it’s time to lower your eyes four times
Sorry mother
It’s Ying Ertiaopi
Just now I was running while only trusting myself
Ying Er was too strong.
Mother, don't worry
Ying Er will take care of it next time
Say it well
You take a rest first
Get better first
Then send someone to take you back to your mother's house
Can I have a few words with my sister-in-law?
I think it would be nice for you in person
Let the others go down first.
you saved me